Great godfather
Water fusion
God is your own flesh and blood
You really are my father
My father was the richest man in the building.
God-sent son
We've been looking for you for years
Finally found you, that's great
Stop hugging me
If you want to hug you, hug Brother Ru
He is not only my goddaughter
She is also the daughter-in-law of my Ye family
You are blessed
Young Master, no
My future
husband
Are you okay?
Father um he
You said he got out
God
This Qianlong is the strong woman of Mingzhen Building
Business talent is best in the world
How many aristocratic door valves want all the rules?
I didn't expect it to be cheaper in the end. These are really the same.
Ye Shoufu
Since he is the young master of the Ye family
Then we can see how much he has
Yes, it is said that your Ye family's assets take advantage of trillions
How much can he get?
It also fills our curiosity, right?
I knew you would come here
The richest man has already made arrangements
today
Not only will I let you see the wealth of my Ye family
Force will also make the entire southern Xinjiang
Bow down to my young master
Come
Open the wealth rankings
Wealth is only one dollar
That's too poor.
There are 1.40 billion people in our building
Your ranking should be 139,999, hahahaha.
I gave all the money to Lu Xiuxia
The rest of the money bought high-speed rail tickets
This is the only money left in the bank card.
Come on, sir
Signed this contract
Officially take over the Ye family's wealth
It's going up. It's going up.